hey youtube my name is Kristen and I'm
making this video to document my journey
and my progress with taking phentermine
and I know that venture mean is very
controversial and a lot of people say
it's a cop-out and it's legal speed and
it's terrible for your heart and trust
me I never thought I was going to be
taking venture me neither
actually growing up my mother she took
Benson and I thought I am never going to
do that such a horrible thing to do and
Here I am 28 years old popping a diet
bill so I just want to talk about my
experience with it my side effects the
diet and exercise plan that I'm
following and hopefully be an
inspiration to some of you out there
that might be considering taking this I
know that there are several videos that
I watch they gave me inspiration namely
getting healthy a healthy still does an
E and Erin pleure PL you are and West
fight fat and they really gave me
motivation to post my own video and
hopefully it'll can be accountable
because I know that you guys are really
good at keeping people accountable out
there so first of all I started thinking
since I mean on March the 7th I am 5 2 I
started out at two oh two point one
pounds and today I weigh Din today's
March the 15th today I weighed in and I
was 193 point eight which is fantastic I
am so excited that's more than eight
pounds and I know that a lot of you were
going to say that's way too much weight
to lose in one week but for me
it is fantastic I know a lot of its
probably water weight um but it's
motivating me and it's keeping me going
and I'm loving it
so I'll talk about some side effects the
first few days I had a few side effects
I felt a lot of extra energy almost
borderlining on jittery my sleep hasn't
been affected at all though I am able to
go to sleep when I want to and actually
on the fourth day
and took a nap in the mill today without
any problem at all so I'm so glad that
it's not affecting my sleep I haven't
had any GI symptoms
I'm sorry symptom side effects no nausea
vomiting diarrhea cramping anything like
that so
and it's definitely curving my appetite
I eat when I'm supposed to and I don't
eat when I'm not supposed to which is
great because I have never been able to
do that I'm the kind of person and I'll
eat whenever I want all day long and too
much of anything my problem is the kind
of food I eat and portion control
definitely I know those are my problems
I'm as far as exercise goes my doctor
did prescribe three times a week
exercising in the past week that I've
been taking the French romaine I have an
exercise yet I actually wanted to take
it for about a week and see how my body
is justed to it and see how how well I
did on it because I've heard a lot of
side effects a personal crazy things I
just want to see how well I did on it
first before I started exercising so
tomorrow I'm going to start exercise at
a I'm going to start exercising when I'm
walking I have a lot of workout DVDs I
really like Jillian Michaels 30 days
shred it was $5 at Walmart it's 20
minutes long you get your heart rate up
and you feel like you've had a really
good workout which in my book that is
perfect as far as my diet I have been
following a low-carb diet just an
example for breakfast I'll eat two eggs
two pieces of bacon and some blueberries
and for lunch I'll have grilled chicken
with some Jack cheese on top I like
guacamole on there and then some mixed
veggies and then for dinner I have like
a steak top sirloin or so or beef
tenderloin and I'll grill it and put
some sauteed mushrooms on top and have
some broccoli with it I don't eat any
bread any bread products at all not
right now anyway um
and from my sweet craving which I
actually have not had on the phentermine
but for my sweet creaming I bought some
of those Adkins indulge bars and their
peanut butter cups and they are amazing
and they taste just like a Reese's and
they're delicious and I love them but
thankfully with the century and they
come in packages of two and I only eat
one and I feel satisfied so that is
wonderful it feels so good to have my
appetite under control because that is
my problem I will go off the deep end
I'll have pizza and instead of one slice
I'll have five slices and with a candy
bar instead of having a half of it and
having half later always the whole thing
and then wish I had another one you know
I'll get a burger and cheese fries and
eat it all I mean that's portion that is
my problem and the pendulum really helps
me out with that I really am suppressed
as far as my appetite goes and I am so
thankful for that I live with my fiance
and he has a horrible diet he eats pizza
and nachos in queso and tortillas and
Cheetos and he has a fantastic weight
he's wonderfully at a perfect weight and
I hate him so and that also contributed
to my weight because you know we'll have
pizza one night I'll say you know I
think I'm gonna need something healthier
and he's like baby you don't even need
to eat you just need a piece with me I
love you Mike I love you too let's eat
that B son and I have five slices after
that so he's really been helpful he
hasn't tempted me and he actually ate
some of the food that I cooked last
night which for him is just different
because he just doesn't eat a lot of
those healthy foods he doesn't like them
and I like them I love eating healthy I
love vegetables and lean meats and
chicken and fish and he likes like
hamburger meat and steak and potatoes
teaches own right so anyway that's just
my bit on my last week with Spencer
means I'm going to keep going and I will
update you guys
soon I'm really glad that I started
doing this I feel great I feel thinner
just my body feels thinner already
probably she's not being so bloated from
all the carbs and all the fat that I ate
before so I'm doing fantastic
and I know that you guys out there who
are doing this with me I want to keep
you so motivated and you guys are doing
great getting healthy so I already lost
15 pounds which is fantastic I hope I
can have the progress that you've had so
thank you for inspiring me and
motivating me and I wanted to motivate
each other and I know we're going to do
this so I'll talk to you guys soon bye